there is provided a power supply circuit . a switching regulator is configured to drop a battery voltage to a first specific voltage . a series regulator includes a switching element and a capacitor connected at an output stage of the switching element . the series regulator is configured to drop the first specific voltage to a second specific voltage and output the second specific voltage . a control circuit is configured to adjust an amount of electric charge to be accumulated in the capacitor according to a voltage value of the first specific voltage .
a method is provided for fabricating a pixel structure of a cmos transistor . the method includes providing a semiconductor substrate doped with first type doping ions ; and forming a trench in the semiconductor substrate by etching the semiconductor substrate . the method also includes forming isolation layers on side surfaces of the trench to prevent dark current from laterally transferring ; and forming an epitaxial layer doped with second type doping ions with a doping type opposite to a doping type of the first type doping ions in the trench . further , the method includes forming a pinning layer on a top surface of the epitaxial layer ; and forming a gate structure on a surface of the semiconductor substrate at one side of the epitaxial layer . further , the method also includes forming a floating diffusion region in the semiconductor substrate at one side of the gate structure far from the epitaxial layer .
the method includes receiving an image of a subject via a lens of a camera , generating low-resolution images and high-resolution images repeatedly from the camera in response to a focus adjustment command inputted at a first timing point , displaying the low-resolution images as a preview image of the subject on a display , and storing at least one of the generated high-resolution images to be stored as a photo file of the subject in a memory in response to a photograph-taking command inputted at a second timing point behind the first timing point .
a die package generally including ( a ) ground paths routing a power ground from a ground power set of contact pads in a first conductive layer to a ground ring in a second conductive layer , ( b ) core paths routing a core voltage from a core power set of contact pads in the first conductive layer to a core ring in the second conductive layer , and ( c ) input/output voltage paths routing input/output voltages from an input/output power set of contact pads in the first conductive layer to an input/output ring in the second conductive layer , ( i ) the input/output ring surrounding the core ring , ( ii ) the ring being configured to power input and output circuits of the die , ( iii ) the input/output ring being split into ring segments isolated from each other and ( iv ) at least one particular ring segment having a length of less than a single connector pitch .
a class d amplifier uses a summation of two or more pwm output stages to achieve an increased dynamic range and improved linearity for any given clock operating speed . the amplifier accepts a digital data stream as its input , such as from a compact disk , or other compatible media , at a data rate , fa , that could be 44.1 khz , 96 khz , or any other rate appropriate for audio data . in the preferred embodiment , the input audio data resolution , n bits , would be split into two data samples , of j and k.internal switching frequency , fs , switches the pwm with an over sampling factor m , where fs=m*fa . the time resolution of the pwm is determined by a precision oscillator that operates at fc=fs* ( max ( j , k ) & # 8722 ; log2 ( m ) +1 ) .the j most significant bits would be routed to a power pwm stage operated at a dc voltage of vhi . the k least significant bits are routed to a finesse pwm stage operated at a dc voltage of vlo.the ratio of vlo to vhi will be appropriate for the ratio of k and j so the summation of the power pwm stage and the finesse pwm stage will provide the full range of n bits . this summation is accomplished with a low pass filter and time-division multiplexing of the two pwm stages.a micro controller ( mcu ) is used to apply a sample packet distribution algorithm to provide more resolution by reducing quantization noise in the audio band of interest . the mcu is also used to calibrate the vlo or vhi , or to calibrate the pwm timing of the two pwm stages to achieve appropriate performance .
a transformer comprises a primary winding to which a dc voltage is applied and a secondary winding . a switching circuit is connected to the primary winding . a rectifying-smoothening circuit rectifies and smoothens a pulse voltage generated at the secondary winding , by switching the switching element . an output unit outputs an output voltage obtained by the rectifying-smoothening circuit to a load . an error amplifier outputs an error voltage between the output voltage and a reference voltage to a primary side as a feedback signal . an oscillator lowers a switching frequency of the switching element in accordance with the feedback signal during a light load state . a frequency correction circuit corrects the switching frequency by the oscillator by changing a frequency correction rate in accordance with a value of the feedback signal along an approximate line along which the transformer is not saturated .
an anti-flicker and anti-glow switchable load apparatus to be installed in the light socket of a commonly powered electronic switching device , such as a motion activated light switch . an energy efficient light bulb or lamp , such as a cathode fluorescent lamp or light emitting diode is then screwed into the apparatus . a first embodiment of the present invention includes a switchable light source , a switchable load , a controller , and a voltage sensor . when the present invention in the first embodiment detects a higher voltage , thus indicating the lamp has been switched from the “off” state to the on state , the switchable load is disconnected , and the current is re-routed to pass through the energy efficient lamp .
provided are a power device package , which can be made compact by mounting semiconductor chips in recesses formed in a substrate and improve operational reliability by rapidly dissipating heat generated during operation to the outside , and a method of fabricating the power device package . the power device package includes : a substrate having a first surface and a second surface opposite to each other , and one or more recesses formed in the first surface ; a wiring pattern formed on the first surface of the substrate ; one or more power semiconductor chips placed in the recesses and electrically connected to the wiring pattern ; a lead frame electrically connected to the wiring pattern ; one or more control semiconductor chips electrically connected to the power semiconductor chips to control the power semiconductor chips ; and an optional sealing member sealing the substrate , the wiring pattern , the power semiconductor chips , the control semiconductor chips , and at least a part of the lead frame so as to expose the second surface of the substrate .
a system and method supporting over-the-air programming of access device such as , for example , a mobile multimedia handset and a wireless personal digital assistant ( pda ) via a broadband access gateway , is disclosed . the broadband access gateway may receive identifying information from the access device via a personal area network and/or a wireless local area network , and may transfer the identifying information to a wide area network or a third party content provider , via a broadband network . the broadband access gateway may enable the registration of the access device with the wide area network , and may receive firmware/software updates and/or provisioning parameters via the broadband network . the gateway may then transfer the firmware/software update and/or provisioning parameters to the access device via the personal area network and/or wireless local area network .
to provide an electrode for secondary battery , electrode which can materialize secondary batteries that are adapted into producing high output and additionally whose durability is high.it is characterized in possessing an electrode material that has an active-material powder 11 , a conductive material 12 being formed of a carbonaceous material , and being adhered to a surface of said active-material powder 11 , and fibrous conductive materials 13 being bonded to said conductive material 12 . first of all , it becomes feasible to maintain the electric connection between the active-material powder and the conductive material stably by adhering the conductive material to a surface of the active-material powder . further , the fibrous conductive materials are bonded to the conductive material that is adhered to a surface of the active-material powder . it is feasible to maintain the electric connection by getting the fibrous conductive materials entangled to each other . that is , it is feasible to keep the electric connection even when strains occur in the electrode material , because the fibrous conductive materials absorb the strains to keep the mutual contacts ; even if large strains occur , it is possible to maintain the electric connection , because it is not disconnected compared with that in conventional conductive materials .
a complementary mos integrated circuit device , adapted for fabrication with relatively high circuit density , includes relatively fast transistors with a closed gate geometry . permanently-off gates surround transistors to isolate them from other transistors . a method of making this structure involves self-aligned gate techniques in which the sources and drains are defined as regions which surround the gates and are surrounded by the gates , respectively .
aspects of the technology described herein provide a method of editing video to improve the apparent stability of the video footage . in one aspect , the apparent stability of the video image is improved by adding a border around an image captured within individual video frames and adjusting the relative position of consecutive video frames according to a negative of a movement vector calculated between the two consecutive frames .
a method and apparatus for synchronizing data captured by multiple image and non-image data capture devices using timing information . in one embodiment , the device comprises a plurality of interfaces operable to receive streaming data from each of a plurality of image and non-image capture devices and timestamping logic implemented , at least in part , in hardware and coupled to the plurality of interfaces to generate and assign timestamp information to each set of data captured by individual capture devices of the plurality of image and non-image capture devices to indicate when the data was captured , where the timestamp information is synchronized to a single timestamp reference clock . the device also comprises processing logic coupled to the timestamping logic to group image data from image capture devices with data from non-image capture devices using the timestamp information .
a battery safety unit is disclosed which protects against damage from dangerous acid contained in wet cell automobile batteries . the unit is a molded battery container adapted to anchor a battery securely in a moving automobile while the battery is essentially completely enclosed . the unit has a cover which may be opened or removed simply , but is safely held in place by a plurality of catches and a hinge in ordinary use . variations in size and shape may be made to accommodate the particular battery being used .
a cell switch module having a unit cell switching function and placeable in either an active state or a standby state . the module comprises a plurality of input ports for inputting cells thereto , a plurality of output ports for outputting cells therefrom , and a cell switching controller to execute such control that , in response to an active/standby switching instruction , a decision is made as to whether the input cell is a specific first cell or not , and if the input cell is detected to be the first cell in the active state , any subsequent cell inputted thereafter is not switched , but if the input cell is detected to be the first cell in the standby state , any subsequent cell inputted thereafter is switched .
an xor logic circuit includes a first transfer unit configured to transfer a logic high level data to an output terminal in response to data applied to first and second input terminals ; a multiplexing unit configured to output a power voltage or a ground voltage in response to the data applied to the first and second input terminals ; and a second transfer unit configured to transfer a logic low level data to the output terminal in response to an output signal of the multiplexing unit and the data applied to the first and second input terminals .
a heating tape is described which comprises two longitudinally extending foil conductors and a longitudinally extending tape incorporating heating elements spaced apart along its length . the heating elements are connected electrically in parallel between the heating foils , enabling the heating tape to be powered from one end .
a method and system of distributing multicast group join requests in computer systems operating with teamed communication ports . at least some of the illustrative embodiments are computer-readable media storing a program that , when executed by a processor , causes the processor to intercept multicast group join requests sent from a network layer program executed by the processor , and distribute the multicast join requests across a plurality of communication ports operating as a single virtual port .
the invention provides a method and apparatus for configuring a plurality of scheduling request triggers for a user equipment in a communication system . first , the base station determines a plurality of scheduling request triggers and a transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers for the user equipment , based on the service characteristics of services of the user equipment ; and then the base station transmits configuration information of the plurality of scheduling request triggers to the user equipment , the configuration information of the plurality of scheduling request triggers including the allocation way of the plurality of scheduling request triggers with respect to the services of the user equipment and the transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers . the user equipment first receives the configuration information from the base station . after that the user equipment selects a scheduling request trigger corresponding to the current service based on the service characteristics of current service to be transmitted and the allocation way , and transmits the triggered scheduling request via the transmission type corresponding to the scheduling request trigger . by applying the technical solution of the invention , the efficient radio resource utilization could be achieved .
animations enhance viewing and consumption of electronic items that are presented to a user on a screen of a computing device . these animations may occur in response to receiving an instruction to move a position of a cursor displayed on the screen of the computing device . a user may trigger this instruction , for instance , by selecting a portion of the electronic content with use of the cursor . in response to the selection , the cursor or some other entity may undergo some form of animation . this animation may notify the user that the selection is being processed , and may also indicate a future position of the cursor at a time after the selection is processed .
