1 . a power supply circuit comprising : a switching regulator configured to drop a battery voltage to a first specific voltage ; a series regulator including a first switching element and a capacitor having a first end connected at an output stage of the first switching element and a second end connected to a second switching element , the series regulator being configured to ( i ) drop the first specific voltage to a second specific voltage , and ( ii ) output the second specific voltage ; and a control circuit configured to adjust an amount of electric charge to be accumulated in the capacitor by controlling the second switching element according to a voltage value of the first specific voltage . 2 . a power supply circuit comprising : a switching regulator configured to drop a battery voltage to a first specific voltage ; a series regulator including a switching element and a capacitor connected at an output stage of the switching element , the series regulator being configured to ( i ) drop the first specific voltage to a second specific voltage , and ( ii ) output the second specific voltage ; and a control circuit configured to adjust an amount of electric charge to be accumulated in the capacitor according to a voltage value of the first specific voltage , wherein the control circuit is configured to perform control for increasing the electric charge of the capacitor in a case where the first specific voltage is lower than a predetermined voltage , and perform control for decreasing the electric charge of the capacitor in a case where the first specific voltage is higher than the predetermined voltage . 3 . the power supply circuit according to claim 2 , wherein the series regulator further includes an arithmetic circuit configured to output a signal for controlling an operation state of the switching element according to a voltage value of the second specific voltage , and wherein the control by the control circuit for increasing the electric charge is control for accumulating electric charge from a constant current source in the capacitor , and the control by the control circuit for decreasing the electric charge is control for causing the electric charge accumulated in the capacitor to flow into the arithmetic circuit . 4 . the power supply circuit according to claim 1 , wherein the control circuit controls the series regulator to adjust the amount of electric charge to be accumulated in the capacitor . 5 . a power supply circuit comprising : a switching regulator configured to drop a battery voltage to a first specific voltage ; a series regulator including a switching element and a capacitor connected between an output stage of the switching element and an electric charge source , the series regulator being configured to ( i ) drop the first specific voltage to a second specific voltage , and ( ii ) output the second specific voltage ; and a control circuit configured to adjust an amount of electric charge to be accumulated in the capacitor by controlling the connection between the capacitor and the electric charge source according to a voltage value of the first specific voltage .
1 . a method for fabricating a pixel structure of a cmos imaging sensor , comprising : providing a semiconductor substrate doped with first type doping ions ; forming a hard mask layer having an opening on the semiconductor substrate ; forming a trench in the semiconductor substrate by etching the semiconductor substrate using the hard mask layer as an etching mask ; etching the hard mask layer to enlarge the opening to form an enlarged opening to expose a surface portion of a top surface of the semiconductor substrate around the trench ; forming isolation layers on side surfaces of the trench to prevent a dark current from laterally transferring ; forming an epitaxial layer doped with second type doping ions with a doping type opposite to a doping type of the first type doping ions in the trench by filling up the trench and covering the surface portion of the top surface of the semiconductor substrate around the trench , wherein a portion of the epitaxial layer is higher than the top surface of the semiconductor substrate , the portion of the epitaxial layer higher than the top surface of the semiconductor substrate is filled in the enlarged opening , and the portion of the epitaxial layer higher than the top surface of the semiconductor substrate covers the surface portion of the top surface of the semiconductor substrate exposed by the enlarged opening ; forming a pinning layer on the epitaxial layer ; forming a gate structure on the top surface of the semiconductor substrate at one side of the epitaxial layer ; and forming a floating diffusion region in the semiconductor substrate at one side of the gate structure far from the epitaxial layer . 2 . the method according claim 1 , wherein : a photodiode is formed by the epitaxial layer and the semiconductor substrate . 3 . the method according to claim 1 , wherein : the epitaxial layer is made of silicon . 4 . the method according to claim 1 , wherein : a line distance between a side surface of the enlarged opening and a side surface of the trench is in a range of approximately 0.1 î¼mëœ1 î¼m . 5 . the method according to claim 1 , wherein forming the isolation layer further includes : forming an isolation material layer on side surfaces of the trench ; and performing a mask-less etching process onto the isolation material layer . 6 . the method according to claim 1 , wherein : a thickness of the isolation layers is in a range of approximately 8 nmëœ20 nm . 7 . the method according to claim 1 , wherein : the epitaxial layer is formed by a selective epitaxial process with an in situ doping . 8 . the method according to claim 2 , wherein : the first type doping ions are p-type ; and the second type doping ions are n-type . 9 . the method according to claim 2 , wherein : the first type doping ions are n-type ; and the second type doping ions are p-type . 10 . the method according to claim 1 , wherein : the pinning layer is formed by an ion implantation process ; and a doping type of the pinning layer is same as the doping type of the semiconductor substrate .
1 . a mobile terminal comprising : a memory ; a display ; a camera ; and a controller configured to : receive a focus adjustment command at a first timing point , repeatedly receive low-resolution images and high-resolution images of a subject from the camera after the focus adjustment command is received , wherein only the low-resolution images are being repeatedly received in a first cycle before the focus adjustment command is received , and both the low-resolution images and the high-resolution images are being repeatedly received synchronously with each other in a same second cycle longer than the first cycle after the focus adjustment command is received , so that each of the low-resolution images is synchronously generated at a same time as each of the high-resolution images is generated , display one of the low-resolution images as a preview image of the subject on the display , receive a photograph taking command at a second timing point after the first timing point , and store in the memory more than one of the high-resolution images repeatedly received prior to the second timing point as a photo file of the subject when the photograph-taking command is received , wherein the second cycle is set shorter than a time interval between the first timing point and a third timing point corresponding to when the high-resolution images are initially and synchronously received at the same time as the low-resolution images are generated . 2 . the mobile terminal of claim 1 , wherein at least one of the high-resolution images stored as the photo file is a high resolution image received immediately before the second timing point . 3 . the mobile terminal of claim 2 , wherein the focus adjustment command is configured to control the camera to adjust a focus and a light intensity of the subject . 4 . the mobile terminal of claim 2 , wherein the controller is configured to add , as thumbnail image information , one of the low-resolution images corresponding to at least one of the high-resolution images stored as the photo file . 5 . the mobile terminal of claim 1 , wherein the display includes a touch screen for receiving touch commands , wherein the received touch commands are manually input touch commands for the focus adjustment command and the photograph-taking command . 6 . the mobile terminal of claim 1 , wherein the low-resolution images are generated in a yuv format , and wherein the high-resolution images are generated in a jpeg ( joint photographic experts group ) format . 7 . the mobile terminal of claim 1 , wherein the controller is configured to store at least two of the high-resolution images among the high-resolution images as a group of photo files in the memory in response to the photograph-taking command . 8 . the mobile terminal of claim 7 , wherein the controller is configured to automatically and sequentially display the at least two stored high-resolution images on the display after the photograph-taking command has been received . 9 . the mobile terminal of claim 7 , wherein the group of photo files comprises a still picture file . 10 . the mobile terminal of claim 7 , wherein , in response to a selection command , the controller is configured to select the at least two stored high-resolution images from among the received high-resolution images . 11 . the mobile terminal of claim 7 , wherein , when a play command for one of the photo files of the group is inputted while the one of the photo files of the group is displayed , the controller is configured to simultaneously or sequentially play all of the photo files of the group . 12 . the mobile terminal of claim 11 , wherein , if the one of the photo files of the group is displayed at a specific zoom level , the controller is configured to sequentially play all of the photo files of the group at the specific zoom level . 13 . the mobile terminal of claim 1 , wherein the controller is further configured to : receive a camera activation command for activating the camera on the mobile terminal , and receive only the low-resolution images in the first cycle between the camera activation command and the focus adjusting command . 14 . a method of controlling a mobile terminal , the method comprising : receiving an image of a subject via a camera of the mobile terminal ; receiving a focus adjustment command at a first timing point ; repeatedly generating , by the mobile terminal , low-resolution images and high-resolution images after the focus adjustment command is received , wherein only the low-resolution images are being repeatedly generated in a first cycle before the focus adjustment command is received , and both the low-resolution images and the high-resolution images are being repeatedly received synchronously with each other in a same second cycle longer than the first cycle after the focus adjustment command is received , so that each of the low-resolution images is synchronously generated at a same time as each of the high-resolution images is generated ; displaying one of the low-resolution images as a preview image of the subject on a display of the mobile terminal ; receiving a photograph taking command at a second timing point after the first timing point ; and storing , in a memory of the mobile terminal , more than one of the high-resolution images generated prior to the second timing point as a photo file of the subject when the photograph-taking command is received , wherein the second cycle is set shorter than a time interval between the first timing point and a third timing point corresponding to when the high-resolution images are initially and synchronously received at the same time as the low-resolution images are generated . 15 . the method of claim 14 , further comprising adjusting a focus and a light intensity of the subject in response to receiving the focus adjustment command . 16 . the method of claim 14 , wherein at least one of the high-resolution images stored as the photo file is a high resolution image generated immediately before the second timing point . 17 . the method of claim 14 , further comprising : adding , as thumbnail image information , one of the low-resolution images corresponding to at least one of the high-resolution images stored as the photo file .
1 . a package comprising : a plurality of ground paths routing a power ground from a ground power set of a plurality of contact pads in a first conductive layer of said package to a ground ring in a second conductive layer of said package , wherein said ground ring surrounds a die attach area of said package ; a plurality of core paths routing a core voltage from a core power set of said contact pads to a core ring in said second conductive layer , wherein said core ring surrounds said ground ring ; and a plurality of input/output voltage paths routing a plurality of input/output voltages from an input/output power set of said contact pads to an input/output ring in said second conductive layer , wherein ( i ) said input/output ring surrounds said core ring , ( ii ) said input/output ring is configured to power a plurality of input circuits and a plurality of output circuits of a die mounted in said die attach area , ( iii ) said input/output ring is split into a plurality of ring segments electrically isolated from each other and ( iv ) at least one particular segment of said ring segments has a length as measured along said input/output ring of less than a single connector pitch to create location flexibility of said input/output voltages . 2 . the package according to claim 1 , wherein said particular segment communicates with a single particular connector of said input/output power set . 3 . the package according to claim 1 , wherein said particular segment communicates with a plurality of particular contact pads of said input/output power set . 4 . the package according to claim 1 , wherein said particular segment comprises a plurality of said particular segments . 5 . the package according to claim 1 , further comprising a plurality of first signal paths routing a plurality of first signals from a first signal set of said contact pads to a plurality of first bonding pads in said second conductive layer , wherein said first bonding pads surround said input/output ring . 6 . the package according to claim 5 , further comprising a plurality of voltage paths routing said input/output voltages along a plurality of input/output power planes in said first conductive layer , wherein each respective one of said input/output power planes corresponds to a respective one of said ring segments . 7 . the package according to claim 6 , wherein at least one of said input/output voltages routes between at least two of said contact pads of said first signal set . 8 . the package according to claim 6 , wherein at least one of said input/output power planes surrounds at least one of said contact pads of said first signal set . 9 . the package according to claim 1 , further comprising a plurality of second signal paths routing a plurality of second signals from a second signal set of said contact pads to a plurality of second bonding pads in said second conductive layer , wherein said second bonding pads are disposed between said die attachment area and said ground ring . 10 . the package according to claim 1 , further comprising a plurality of solder balls connected to said contact pads to form a ball gird array package . 11 . a method of routing a plurality of input/output voltages in a package , comprising the steps of : ( a ) routing a power ground from a ground power set of a plurality of contact pads in a first conductive layer of said package to a ground ring in a second conductive layer of said package , wherein said ground ring surrounds a die attach area of said package ; ( b ) routing a core voltage from a core power set of said contact pads to a core ring in said second conductive layer , wherein said core ring surrounds said ground ring ; and ( c ) routing said input/output voltages from an input/output power set of said contact pads to an input/output ring in said second conductive layer , wherein ( i ) said input/output ring surrounds said core ring , ( ii ) said input/output ring is configured to power a plurality of input circuits and a plurality of output circuits of a die mounted in said die attach area , ( iii ) said input/output ring is split into a plurality of ring segments electrically isolated from each other and ( iv ) at least one particular segment of said ring segments has a length as measured along said input/output ring of less than a single connector pitch to create location flexibility of said input/output voltages . 12 . the method according to claim 11 , wherein said particular segment communicates with a single particular connector of said input/output power set . 13 . the method according to claim 11 , wherein said particular segment communicates with a plurality of particular contact pads of said input/output power set . 14 . the method according to claim 11 , wherein said particular segment comprises a plurality of said particular segments . 15 . the method according to claim 11 , further comprising the step of : routing a plurality of first signals from a first signal set of said contact pads to a plurality of first bonding pads in said second conductive layer , wherein said first bonding pads surround said input/output ring . 16 . the method according to claim 15 , further comprising the step of : routing said input/output voltages along a plurality of input/output power planes in said first conductive layer , wherein each respective one of said input/output power planes corresponds to a respective one of said ring segments . 17 . the method according to claim 16 , further comprising the step of : routing at least one of said input/output voltages between at least two of said contact pads of said first signal set . 18 . the method according to claim 16 , wherein at least one of said input/output power planes surrounds at least one of said contact pads of said first signal set . 19 . the method according to claim 11 , further comprising the step of : routing a plurality of second signals from a second signal set of said contact pads to a plurality of second bonding pads in said second conductive layer , wherein said second bonding pads are disposed between said die attachment area and said ground ring . 20 . a package comprising : means for routing a power ground from a ground power set of a plurality of contact pads in a first conductive layer of a package to a ground ring in a second conductive layer of said package , wherein said ground ring surrounds a die attach area of said package ; means for routing a core voltage from a core power set of said contact pads to a core ring in said second conductive layer , wherein said core ring surrounds said ground ring ; and means for routing a plurality of input/output voltages from an input/output power set of said contact pads to an input/output ring in said second conductive layer , wherein ( i ) said input/output ring surrounds said core ring , ( ii ) said input/output ring is configured to power a plurality of input circuits and a plurality of output circuits of a die mounted in said die attach area , ( iii ) said input/output ring is split into a plurality of ring segments electrically isolated from each other and ( iv ) at least one particular segment of said ring segments has a length as measured along said input/output ring of less than a single connector pitch to create location flexibility of said input/output voltages .
a class d amplifier comprising : a means for accepting digital format audio data ; a means for converting the individual m-bit data samples into at least two packets , wherein each packet represents a subset of the total m-bits of the data sample ; a means for providing a pwm signal to at least one power stage , operated from a voltage rail , vhi ; a further means for providing a second pwm signal to at least one low voltage stage , operated from a lower voltage rail , vlo , the voltage of which is related to vhi by the ratio of the split of the total m-bits to the two stages ; a means to combine the outputs of the power stage and the low voltage stage so that the signal to the speaker transducer can reproduce the resolution of m-bit original source data . the class d amplifier of claim 1 wherein said power stage , and said low voltage stage are each comprised of semiconductor switching elements that are controlled by the appropriate corresponding pwm signal ; each semiconductor switching element is further comprised of a parallel combination of a fast switching semiconductor device and a slower switching but more power efficient semiconductor device , in order to improve switching speed and power efficiency . the class d amplifier of claim 1 wherein protection switches are used to isolate the low voltage stage from the power stage , while the power stage is in use . the class d amplifier of claim 1 wherein vlo is generated by a tracking regulated dc power supply that is ratio-metrically related to the voltage value of vhi . the class d amplifier of claim 4 wherein the vhi and vlo power supplies are calibrated , low noise , stable and immune to disturbance by transients . the class d amplifier of claim 4 wherein the means to establish the ratio-metric relationship of vlo to vhi is performed by a micro controller . the class d amplifier of claim 1 which includes a means to adjust the output volume by adjusting the values of vhi and vlo . the class d amplifier of claim 7 wherein the means to adjust the values of vhi and vlo is performed by a micro controller . the class d amplifier of claim 1 wherein a micro controller means is used to perform an initial system calibration . the class d amplifier of claim 1 wherein a micro controller means is used to distribute multiple pwm sample packets within a single audio sample interval to reduce unwanted harmonic frequencies in the audio bandwidth . the class d amplifier of claim 1 wherein a micro-controller means is used to remove redundant audio components to reduce power consumption of the amplifier . a method for operating a class d amplifier comprising the steps of : accepting digital format audio data that has m-bits per sample ; converting the individual m-bit data samples into at least two data packets , wherein each data packet represents a subset of the total m-bits of the data sample ; generating a pwm signal for each of said data packets ; combining the all the outputs of all the said pwm signals so that the signal to the speaker transducer can reproduce the resolution of the m-bit original source data . the method for operating a class d amplifier of claim 12 whereby generating said pwm signal is accomplished using an h-bridge that is comprised of individual parallel switching elements to provide a means to improve switching speed and power efficiency . the method for operating a class d amplifier of claim 12 wherein the controlling of protection switches isolates each of the pwm signals from each other . the method for operating a class d amplifier of claim 12 which further comprises using two data packets , generating two voltage rails , vhi and vlo , using a tracking regulated power supply , so that vhi is ratio-metrically related vlo just as the two said data packets are related to the original m bit audio data , generating a first pwm signal using vhi , and generating a second pwm signal using vlo . the method for operating a class d amplifier of claim 15 wherein establishing the ratio-metric relationship of vlo to vhi is performed by a micro controller . the method for operating a class d amplifier of claim 12 where adjusting the values of vhi and vlo controls the output volume . the method for operating a class d amplifier of claim 17 where adjusting the values of vhi and vlo is performed by a micro controller . the method for operating a class d amplifier of claim 12 which further comprises performing an initial system calibration using a micro controller . the method for operating a class d amplifier of claim 12 which further comprises distributing the multiple output signals of said pwm data packets within a single audio sample interval , to reduce unwanted harmonic frequencies in the audio bandwidth , using a micro controller . the method for operating a class d amplifier of claim 12 which also comprises removing redundant audio components , to reduce power consumption of the amplifier , using a micro-controller .
1 . a switched-mode power supply device , comprising : a transformer comprising a primary winding to which a dc voltage is applied and a secondary winding ; a switching circuit connected to the primary winding ; a rectifying-smoothening circuit that rectifies and smoothens a pulse voltage generated at the secondary winding , by switching the switching element ; an output unit that outputs an output voltage obtained by the rectifying-smoothening circuit to a load ; an error amplifier that outputs an error voltage between the output voltage and a reference voltage to a primary side as a feedback signal ; an oscillator that lowers a switching frequency of the switching element in accordance with the feedback signal during a light load state ; and a frequency correction circuit that corrects the switching frequency by the oscillator by changing a frequency correction rate in accordance with a value of the feedback signal along an approximate line along which the transformer is not saturated . 2 . the switched-mode power supply device of claim 1 , wherein the frequency correction circuit changes the frequency correction rate for the lowered switching frequency to thereby further lower the switching frequency . 3 . the switched-mode power supply device of claim 2 , wherein the frequency correction circuit increases an amount by which the switching frequency is increased per unit load , as an imposed load increases . 4 . the switched-mode power supply device of claim 1 , wherein the approximate line includes a plurality of lines , each line has a different gradient from others . 5 . the switched-mode power supply device of claim 1 , wherein the switching frequency includes an upper limit frequency and a lower limit frequency . 6 . the switched-mode power supply device of claim 5 , further comprising a frequency adjustment terminal configured to adjust the upper limit frequency and the lower limit frequency by the oscillator . 7 . the switched-mode power supply device of claim 5 , wherein the frequency correction circuit corrects the switching frequency by the oscillator stepwisely to an oscillation frequency higher than the upper limit frequency , when a predetermined period of time elapses after an excess load state is reached , the excess load state being a state where the output voltage is incapable of being obtained by using the feedback signal from the error amplifier . 8 . the switched-mode power supply device of claim 7 , wherein , each time the predetermined period of time elapses , the frequency correction circuit shifts the oscillation frequency stepwisely to a higher level from the upper limit frequency and brings the oscillation frequency back to the upper limit frequency after a final frequency is reached . 9 . the switched-mode power supply device of claim 7 , wherein , when the switched-mode power supply device is started , the frequency correction circuit does not shift the switching frequency to an oscillation frequency higher than the upper limit frequency . 10 . the switched-mode power supply device of claim 1 , wherein the frequency correction circuit stepwisely increases an amount by which the switching frequency is increased per unit load , as an imposed load increases .
1 . an apparatus for stabilizing an energy efficient light connected to an electronic activated device , comprising : a housing including a light socket for receiving an energy efficient light having a hot electrical lead and a neutral electrical lead , and the housing including a threaded base for screwing into an electrical socket of an electronic activated device , wherein the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead are electrically connected to the threaded base ; an electrical switch within the housing ; an electrical load within the housing and electrically connected in series with the electrical switch between the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead , and the light socket and the electrical switch are electrically connected in series between the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead ; a voltage sensor within the housing and electrically connected between the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead for detecting voltage level between the hot electrical lead and neutral electrical lead , and the voltage sensor is connected in parallel with the electrical switch and the electrical load ; a controller for monitoring status of the voltage sensor and controlling the electrical switch ; wherein the controller sets the electrical switch to direct current through the electrical load when an electronic activated device to be connected to the threaded base is in a light-off state causing a lower voltage to be detected by the voltage sensor , thereby enabling a controlled current to pass between the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead via the threaded base and provide power to an electronic activated device to be connected to the threaded base , and the electrical switch is set to create an open circuit to the light socket of the housing so as to prevent any electrical current flowing to an energy efficient light to be located in the light socket of the housing ; and wherein , when an electronic activated device to be connected to the threaded base is in a light-on state causing a higher voltage to be detected by the voltage sensor , the controller sets the electrical switch to direct current to flow through the light socket of the housing and activate an energy efficient light to be contained therein , and the electrical switch is set to create an open circuit to the electrical load so as to prevent any electrical current flowing to the electrical load and wasting energy thereto . 2 . the apparatus of claim 1 , further comprising : an electronic activated device having a threaded socket ; and the threaded base of the housing is screwed into the threaded socket of the electronic activated device . 3 . the apparatus of claim 2 , wherein the electronic activated device includes a motion detector . 4 . the apparatus of claim 1 , further comprising : an energy efficient light connected to the light socket of the housing . 5 . the apparatus of claim 1 , wherein the voltage sensor and controller comprise a normally open relay switch that activates when voltage across the relay switch increases above a predetermined threshold . 6 . the apparatus of claim 1 , wherein the electrical load includes a resistor . 7 . the apparatus of claim 2 , wherein the electronic activated device includes an electronic timer . 8 . the apparatus of claim 1 , wherein the electronic switch includes a single-pull double-through ( spdt ) switch . 9 . an apparatus for providing a stable load to a remote parasitic powered control device to enable a remote parasitic powered control device to function properly with unstable and insufficient electrical loads , comprising : a housing including a light socket for receiving an energy efficient light having a hot electrical lead and a neutral electrical lead , and the housing including a threaded base for screwing into an electrical socket of a parasitic powered control device , wherein the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead are electrically connected to the threaded base ; an electrical switch within the housing ; an electrical load within the housing and electrically connected in series with the electrical switch between the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead , and the light socket and the electrical switch are electrically connected in series between the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead ; a voltage sensor within the housing and electrically connected between the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead for detecting voltage level between the hot electrical lead and neutral electrical lead , and the voltage sensor is connected in parallel with the electrical switch and the electrical load ; a controller for monitoring status of the voltage sensor and controlling the electrical switch ; wherein the controller sets the electrical switch to direct current through the electrical load when a parasitic powered control device to be connected to the threaded base is in a light-off state causing a lower voltage to be detected by the voltage sensor , thereby enabling a controlled current to pass between the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead via the threaded base and provide power to a parasitic powered control device to be connected to the threaded base , and the electrical switch is set to create an open circuit to the light socket of the housing so as to prevent any electrical current flowing to an energy efficient light to be located in the light socket of the housing ; and wherein , when a parasitic powered control device to be connected to the threaded base is in a light-on state causing a higher voltage to be detected by the voltage sensor , the controller sets the electrical switch to direct current to flow through the light socket of the housing and activate an energy efficient light to be contained therein , and current flowing through the electrical load during a light-on state is minimal and does not prevent an energy efficient light from lighting . 10 . the apparatus of claim 9 , further comprising : a motion detector connected to the apparatus . 11 . the apparatus to claim 9 , further comprising : an energy efficient light connected to the light socket of the housing . 12 . the apparatus of claim 9 , wherein the controller is a microprocessor . 13 . the apparatus of claim 9 , wherein the electrical load is a resistor . 14 . an apparatus for providing a stable load to a parasitic powered control device to enable a parasitic powered control device to function properly with unstable and insufficient electrical loads , comprising : an electrical switch ; an electrical load electrically connected in series with the electrical switch between a hot electrical lead and a neutral electrical lead ; a voltage sensor for detecting voltage level between the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead , and the voltage sensor being electrically connected between the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead and in parallel with the electrical load and the electrical switch ; a controller including an algorithm that detects insufficient load for a parasitic powered control device , and the controller monitors status of the voltage sensor and controls the electrical switch ; wherein the controller sets the electrical switch to direct current through the electrical load when a parasitic powered control device to be connected to the apparatus is in a light-off state causing a lower voltage to be detected by the voltage sensor , thereby enabling a controlled current to pass between the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead and provide power to a parasitic powered control device to be connected to the apparatus , and the electrical switch is set to create an open circuit to an energy efficient light so as to prevent any electrical current flowing to an energy efficient light ; and wherein , when a parasitic powered control device to be connected to the apparatus is in a light-on state causing a higher voltage to be detected by the voltage sensor , the controller sets the electrical switch to direct current to flow through an energy efficient light to be contained therein . 15 . the apparatus of claim 14 , wherein the electrical switch is set to create an open circuit to the electrical load so as to prevent any electrical current flowing to the electrical load and wasting energy thereto when a powered parasitic control device to be connected to the apparatus is in the light-on state . 16 . the apparatus of claim 14 , further comprising : a housing containing the hot electrical lead , the neutral electrical lead , the electrical switch , the electrical load , the voltage sensor , and the controller , and the housing includes a threaded base connected to the hot electrical lead and the neutral electrical lead . 17 . the apparatus of claim 14 , wherein the energy efficient light includes a cfl . 18 . the apparatus of claim 14 , wherein the energy efficient light includes an led . 19 . the apparatus of claim 14 , wherein the housing is configured as a light socket housing . 20 . the apparatus of claim 16 , further comprising : a parasitic powered control device having a threaded socket ; and the threaded base of the housing is screwed into the threaded socket of the parasitic powered control device .
1 . a power device package comprising : a substrate having a first surface and a second surface opposite to each other , and a plurality of recesses formed in the first surface ; a wiring pattern formed on the first surface of the substrate ; a plurality of semiconductor chips placed in the recesses and electrically connected to the wiring pattern ; a lead frame electrically connected to the wiring pattern ; and one or more control semiconductor chips electrically connected to the power semiconductor chips to control the power semiconductor chips ; and wherein each of the plurality of power semiconductor chips is placed in a respective one of the plurality of recesses . 2 . the power device package of claim 1 , wherein the power semiconductor chips are placed so as not to protrude above the first surface or above an uppermost surface of the wiring pattern formed on the first surface , and wherein the power device package further comprises a sealing member sealing the substrate , the wiring pattern , the power semiconductor chips , the control semiconductor chips , and at least a part of the lead frame so as to expose the second surface of the substrate . 3 . the power device package of claim 1 , further comprising an adhesive member attaching the power semiconductor chips to inner walls of the recesses . 4 . the power device package of claim 3 , wherein the adhesive member comprises a conductive paste , a conductive tape , a solder , a metal epoxy , a metal paste , a resin-based epoxy , a glass tape , a silicone tape , a teflon tape , a stainless foil tape , a ceramic tape , or a combination thereof . 5 . the power device package of claim 1 , wherein the power semiconductor chips and the wiring pattern are electrically connected to each other by using a wire . 6 . the power device package of claim 5 , wherein the wire comprises aluminum ( al ) or gold ( au ) . 7 . the power device package of claim 1 , wherein the wiring pattern comprises aluminum , an aluminum alloy , copper , a copper alloy , or a combination thereof . 8 . the power device package of claim 7 , wherein the wiring pattern further comprises nickel , gold , or an alloy thereof . 9 . the power device package of claim 1 , wherein the wiring pattern and the lead frame are electrically connected to each other by using a solder , a solder paste , a silver ( ag ) paste , or a combination thereof . 10 . the power device package of claim 1 , wherein the wiring pattern and the lead frame are integrally formed with each other . 11 . the power device package of claim 1 , wherein the power semiconductor chips comprise power metal oxide semiconductor field effect transistors ( mosfets ) , bipolar junction transistors ( bjts ) , insulated-gate bipolar transistors ( igbts ) , diodes , or combinations thereof . 12 . the power device package of claim 1 , wherein at least some of the control semiconductor chips are mounted on the lead frame and are electrically connected to the lead frame . 13 . the power device package of claim 12 , wherein the control semiconductor chips are mounted to be electrically connected to the lead frame in the form of flip chips , or are electrically connected to the lead frame by using a wire or a solder ball . 14 . the power device package of claim 1 , wherein at least some of the control semiconductor chips are placed in the recesses and are electrically connected to the wiring pattern . 15 . the power device package of claim 14 , wherein the control semiconductor chips and the wiring pattern are electrically connected to each other by using a wire . 16 . the power device package of claim 1 , wherein the substrate is a printed circuit board ( pcb ) , a ceramic substrate , an insulated metal substrate ( ims ) , a pre-molded substrate , or a direct bonded copper ( dbc ) substrate . 17 . the power device package of claim 2 , wherein the sealing member comprises an epoxy molding compound ( emc ) , a polyimide , a silicone , a silicone rubber , or a combination thereof . 18 . the power device package of claim 1 , further comprising a heat sink attached to the second surface of the substrate . 19 . the power device package of claim 18 , wherein the heat sink comprises aluminum , an aluminum alloy , copper , a copper alloy , al 2 o 3 , beo , aln , sin , an epoxy-based resin , or a combination thereof . 20 . a method of fabricating a power device package , the method comprising : preparing a substrate having a first surface and a second surface opposite to each other , and a wiring pattern formed on the first surface of the substrate ; forming a plurality of recesses in the first surface of the substrate ; mounting a plurality of power semiconductor chips in the recesses such that each of the plurality of power semiconductor chips is placed in a respective one of the plurality of recesses ; electrically connecting a lead frame electrically to the wiring pattern ; mounting one or more control semiconductor chips , which are electrically connected to the power semiconductor chips to control the power semiconductor chips , in the recesses and/or on a lead frame ; and electrically connecting the power semiconductor chips and the lead frame . 21 . the method of claim 20 , wherein the forming of the recesses comprises : forming a mask layer on the first surface of the substrate ; forming a mask pattern by patterning the mask layer so as to expose regions where the recesses are to be formed ; etching the substrate by using the mask pattern as an etching mask ; and removing the patterned mask layer . 22 . the method of claim 20 , wherein the mounting of the power semiconductor chips comprises : forming an adhesive member in the recesses ; and attaching the power semiconductor chips to inner walls of the recesses by using the adhesive member . 23 . the method of claim 20 , before the mounting of the power semiconductor chips , the method further comprising forming a wiring pattern on the first surface of the substrate . 24 . the method of claim 23 , wherein the electrically connecting of the power semiconductor chips and the lead frame comprises : electrically connecting the power semiconductor chips and the wiring pattern by using a wire ; installing a lead frame on the substrate ; and electrically connecting the wiring pattern and the lead frame . 25 . the method of claim 20 , further comprising : sealing the substrate , the power semiconductor chips , and a part of the lead frame by using a sealing member so as to expose the second surface of the substrate , performing trimming to leave only external leads exposed to the outside of the sealing member among leads of the lead frame ; and performing forming to bend the external leads .
1 . a method comprising : at a gateway , establishing data communication with a broadband network ; establishing a local wireless communication network in an area ; via the local wireless communication network , receiving identification information from an access device , the identification information identifying the access device ; using the received identification information , determining whether the identified access device supports service via a wide area telecommunications network ; if the identified access device supports service via the wide area telecommunications network , communicating a registration query to a wide area service provider via the broadband network to determine if the identified access device is registered for service via the wide area telecommunications network ; if the identified access device is not registered for service via the wide area telecommunications network , communicating a prompt over the local wireless network to elect service registration by the access device ; receiving from the identified access device over the local wireless network registration information ; forwarding the received registration information to a remote destination via the broadband network ; receiving provisioning parameters for the identified access device via the broadband network ; and communicating the provisioning parameters to the identified access device via the local wireless communication network . 2 . the method of claim 1 wherein communicating the provisioning parameters to the identified access device comprises communicating one or more of : an international mobile station identifier ( imsi ) , a mobile identification number ( min ) , a system identifier ( sid ) ; a security key , a radio frequency operating parameter , an access channel , a control channel , a paging channel , a neighbor list , or access overload class information for the identified access device . 3 . the method of claim 1 wherein establishing a local wireless communication network in an area comprises establishing a network compliant with one or more of : the institute of electrical and electronics engineers ( ieee ) 802.11a , 802.11 b , 802.11 g or 802.11 n standards . 4 . the method of claim 1 further comprising : receiving from the identified access device over the local wireless network information identifying a user of the identified access device . 5 . the method of claim 4 wherein receiving information identifying a user of the identified access device comprises receiving at least one of a member identifier , a user name , an administrative identifier , and a credit card number of the user of the identified access device . 6 . a method comprising : at a gateway , establishing data communication with a broadband network ; establishing a local wireless communication network in an area ; via the local wireless communication network , receiving identification information from an access device , the identification information identifying the access device ; using the received identification information , determining whether the identified access device supports service via a wide area telecommunications network ; if the identified access device supports service via the wide area telecommunications network , communicating a registration query to a wide area service provider via the broadband network to determine if the identified access device is registered for service via the wide area telecommunications network ; if the identified access device is not registered for service via the wide area telecommunications network , communicating a prompt over the local wireless network to elect service registration by the access device ; receiving from the identified access device over the local wireless network registration information ; forwarding the received registration information to a remote destination via the broadband network ; receiving provisioning parameters for the identified access device via the broadband network ; communicating the provisioning parameters to the identified access device via the local wireless communication network ; determining whether an update of software or firmware for the identified access device is available ; if an update of software or firmware for the identified access device is available , receiving over the broadband network updating code for the identified access device ; and communicating the updating code to the identified access device over the local wireless network . 7 . a method for over the air programming of a new wireless device , the method comprising : at a gateway device including a wireless interface establishing a wireless local area network and a modem configured to communicate over a broadband network , 8 . the method of claim 7 wherein wirelessly communicating with wireless devices comprises communicating with the wireless devices including the new wireless device over a network compliant with one or more of : the institute of electrical and electronics engineers ( ieee ) 802.11a , 802.11b , 802.11g or 802.11n standards . 9 . the method of claim 7 wherein communicating the provisioning parameters to the new wireless device comprises communicating one or more of : an international mobile station identifier ( imsi ) for the new wireless device , a mobile identification number ( min ) for the new wireless device , a system identifier ( sid ) for the wide are telecommunications network ; a security key , a radio frequency operating parameter , an access channel for the wide are telecommunications network , a control channel for the wide are telecommunications network , a paging channel for the wide are telecommunications network , a neighbor list , or access overload class information for the new wireless device . 10 . the method of claim 7 wherein receiving an initial communication from the new wireless device comprises receiving identification information for the new wireless device . 11 . a system comprising : a communication device including circuitry configured to receive provisioning parameters for the access device over the broadband network and to communicate the received provisioning parameters to the access device over the local wireless communication network , including circuitry configured to use at least the identification information to determine whether the access device supports service over a wide area telecommunications network ; circuitry to determine , if the access device does support service via the wide area telecommunications network , if the access device is registered for service on the wide area telecommunications network ; including 12 . the system of claim 11 further comprising : a modem circuit configured to communicate broadband data between the communication device and the broadband network ; and a wireless interface circuit configured to communicate local data between the communication device and the local wireless communication network . 13 . the system of claim 12 wherein the modem comprises one or more of a digital subscriber line ( dsl ) modem ; a cable modem and a docsis modem configured for data communication over the broadband network , and wherein the wireless interface circuit comprises one or more of circuitry compliant with one or more of : the institute of electrical and electronics engineers ( ieee ) 802.11a , 802.11 b , 802.11 g or 802.11 n standards and the bluetooth standard . 14 . the system of claim 11 further comprising circuitry to receive over the broadband network one or more of : an international mobile station identifier ( imsi ) , a mobile identification number ( min ) , a system identifier ( sid ) ; a security key , a radio frequency operating parameter , an access channel , a control channel , a paging channel , a neighbor list , or access overload class information for the access device as the provisioning parameters for the access device . 15 . the system of claim 11 further comprising circuitry to receive at least one of a member identifier , a user name , an administrative identifier , and a credit card number of the user of the identified access device as the identification information from an access device over the local wireless communication network . 16 . the system of claim 11 further comprising circuitry to receive over the broadband network updating firmware or software for the access device ; and circuitry to communicate the updating firmware or software to the wireless device over the local wireless communication network .
1 . an electrode for secondary battery , wherein the electrode includes an electrode material having : an active-material powder for positive electrode ; a conductive material being formed of a carbonaceous material , and being adhered to a surface of said active-material powder ; and fibrous conductive materials being bonded to said active-material powder and said conductive material ; wherein a specific surface area of said active-material powder , to whose surface said conductive material is adhered , is 1 m wherein said conductive material has at least one covalent bond with said active material powder , and/or with said fibrous conductive materials . 2 . the electrode for secondary battery as set forth in claim 1 , wherein said conductive material is at least one that is selected from the group consisting of amorphous carbonaceous materials , turbostratic carbonaceous materials and activated carbon . 3 . the electrode for secondary battery as set forth in claim 1 , wherein at least a part of said fibrous conductive materials are bonded to a plurality of said conductive materials . 4 . the electrode for secondary battery as set forth in claim 3 , wherein the at least a part of said fibrous conductive materials are disposed so as to span independently between a first conductive material adhered to a surface of a first active-material powder and a second conductive material adhered to a surface of a second active-material powder . 5 . the electrode for secondary battery as set forth in claim 1 , wherein said fibrous conductive materials contain at least one member that is selected from the group consisting of carbon fibers , graphite fibers , vapor-phase-growth carbonaceous fibers , nano carbon fibers and nano carbon tubes . 6 . the electrode for secondary battery as set forth in claim 1 , wherein said fibrous conductive materials exhibit a fibrous diameter of 5 nm-200 nm . 7 . the electrode for secondary battery as set forth in claim 1 , wherein said fibrous conductive materials exhibit a fibrous length of 100 nm-50 î¼m . 8 . the electrode for secondary battery as set forth in claim 1 , wherein a content of said fibrous conductive materials is 1-10 % by mass when a sum of a mass of said active-material powder and a mass of said conductive material is taken as the standard . 9 . a production process for electrode for secondary battery , wherein the production process includes : an adhering/bonding step of mixing a conductive material , which is formed of a carbonaceous material , with an active-material powder for positive electrode and fibrous conductive materials , forming the mixture as a conductive-material-adhered active-material powder being in such a state that it is adhered to a surface of said active-material powder , and bonding the mixture between said active-material powder and said fibrous conductive materials , thereby obtaining an electrode material ; and a step of forming an electrode of said electrode material being obtained ; wherein a specific surface area of said active-material powder , to whose surface said conductive material is adhered , is 1 m wherein said conductive material has at least one covalent bond with said active material powder , and/or with said fibrous conductive materials . 10 . the production process for electrode for secondary battery as set forth in claim 9 , wherein said adhering/bonding step is a step of mixing an active-material raw material , which generates an active-material powder by means of doing calcination , with a conductive-material raw material , which comprises a carbonaceous material that generates a conductive material by doing calcination , and then calcining them . 11 . the production process for electrode for secondary battery as set forth in claim 9 , wherein said adhering/bonding step is a step of mixing said active-material powder with a conductive-material raw material , which comprises a carbonaceous material that generates a conductive material by doing calcination . 12 . the production process for electrode for secondary battery as set forth in claim 9 , wherein a step of adhering/bonding said conductive material onto a surface of said active-material powder at said adhering step , and/or a step of forming a chemical bond between said fibrous conductive materials and said conductive material is a step of calcining both of them at 1,500â° c. or less in an inert atmosphere after mixing them . 13 . the production process for electrode for secondary battery as set forth in claim 9 , wherein said conductive material is at least one that is selected from the group consisting of amorphous carbonaceous materials , turbostratic carbonaceous materials and activated carbon . 14 . a secondary battery including : a positive electrode ; a negative electrode ; a separator being interposed between said positive electrode and said negative electrode ; and a nonaqueous electrolyte ; wherein said positive electrode is : an electrode for secondary battery , the electrode including an electrode material that has : an active-material powder for positive electrode ; a conductive material being formed of a carbonaceous material , and being adhered to a surface of said active-material powder ; and fibrous conductive materials being bonded to said conductive material ; or an electrode for secondary battery , the electrode being produced by a production process for electrode for secondary battery , the production process including : an adhering/bonding step of mixing a conductive material , which is formed of a carbonaceous material , with an active-material powder for positive electrode and fibrous conductive materials , forming the mixture as a conductive-material-adhered active-material powder being in such a state that it is adhered to a surface of said active-material powder , and bonding the mixture between said active-material powder and said fibrous conductive materials , thereby obtaining an electrode material ; and a step of forming an electrode of said electrode material being obtained ; and wherein a specific surface area of said active-material powder , to whose surface said conductive material is adhered , is 1 m wherein said conductive material has at least one covalent bond with said active material powder , and/or said conductive material and with said fibrous conductive materials .
an integrated circuit device comprising : ( a ) a body of semiconductor material predominantly of one conductivity type , said body having a surface ; ( b ) a first frame-like structure including a layer of insulating material on said surface and a layer of conductive material on said layer of insulating material , said first frame-like structure having a closed geometry which encloses a first portion of said surface and separates said first portion of said surface from a second portion of said surface ; ( c ) a well region having a conductivity type opposite that of said body , said well region extending into said body only from said first portion of said surface ; ( d ) means for making ohmic contact to said well region , said means being totally surrounded by said first frame-like structure and comprising a part of said first portion of said surface ; ( e ) at least one semiconductor device extending into said well region from said first portion of said surface , said semiconductor device comprising : ( i ) a second frame-like structure including a layer of insulating material on said first portion of said surface and a layer of conductive material on said layer of insulating material , said second frame-like structure having a closed geometry separating an outer portion of said first portion of said surface from an inner portion of said first portion of said surface ; ( ii ) a first region of the same conductivity type as said body extending into said well region from said inner portion of said first portion of said surface , said first region being surrounded by said second frame-like structure ; ( iii ) a second region of the same conductivity type as said body extending into said well region from said outer portion of said first portion of said surface , said second region surrounding said second frame-like structure ; ( f ) at least one semiconductor device extending into said body from said second portion of said surface , said semiconductor device comprising : ( i ) a third frame-like structure including a layer of insulating material on said second portion of said surface and a layer of conductive material on said layer of insulating material , said third frame-like structure having a closed geometry separating an outer portion of said second portion of said surface from an inner portion of said second portion of said surface , ( ii ) a third region of opposite conductivity type to said body extending into said body from said inner portion of said second portion of said surface , said third region being surrounded by said third frame-like structure ; ( iii ) a fourth region of opposite conductivity type to said body extending into said body from said outer portion of said second portion of said surface , said fourth region surrounding said third frame-like structure . the integrated circuit device of claim 1 wherein said means for making ohmic contact includes a contact region of the same conductivity type as said well region and of higher doping density than said well region adjacent to a part of said portion of said surface which lies between said first frame-like structure and said second frame-like structure . the integrated circuit device of claim 2 wherein said contact region immediately surrounds said second region . the integrated circuit device of claim 3 wherein each of said frame-like structures has an inner peripheral boundary and an outer peripheral boundary , said contact region having a surface intercept boundary substantially contiguous with the inner peripheral boundary of said first frame-like structure . the integrated circuit device of claim 4 wherein each of said regions has a surface intercept boundary substantially contiguous with at least the inner or the outer peripheral boiundary of a frame-like structure . the integrated circuit device of claim 1 wherein said fourth region surrounds said first frame-like structure . the integrated circuit device of claim 6 further comprising means for electrically coupling the layer of conductive material in said first frame-like structure with said fourth region . an integrated circuit device comprising : ( a ) a body of semiconduct or material predominantly of one conductivity type , said body having a surface ; ( b ) a first frame-like structure including a layer of insulating material on said surface and a layer of conductive material on said layer of insulating material , said first frame-like structure having a closed geometry which separates a first portion of said surface from a second portion of said surface ; ( c ) a well region having a conductivity type opposite that of said body , said well region extending into said body from said first portion of said surface ; ( d ) means for making ohmic contact to said well region , said means including a part of said first portion of said surface ; ( e ) at least one semiconductor device extending into said well region from said first portion of said surface , said semiconductor device comprising : ( i ) a second frame-like structure including a layer of insulating material on said first portion of said surface and a layer of conductive material on said layer of insulating material , said second frame-like structure having a closed geometry separating an outer portion of said first portion of said surface from an inner portion of said first portion of said surface ; ( ii ) a first region of the same conductivity type as said body extending into said well region from said inner portion of said first portion of said surface , said first region being surrounded by said second frame-like structure ; ( iii ) a second region of the same conductivity type as said body extending into said well region from said outer portion of said first portion of said surface , said second region surrounding said second frame-like structure ; ( f ) at least one additional semiconductor device extending into said well region from said first portion of said surface , said additional semiconductor device comprising : ( i ) a third frame-like structure including a layer of insulating material on said outer portion of said first portion of said surface and a layer of conductive material on said layer of insulating material , said third frame-like structure having a closed geometry separating two portions of said outer portion of said first portion of said surface ; ( ii ) a third region of the same conductivity type as said body extending into said well region from one of said two portions of said outer portion , said third region being surrounded by said third frame-like structure ; ( iii ) a fourth region of the same conductivity type as said body extending into said body into said well region from the other of said two portions of said outer portion , said fourth region surrounding said thrid frame-like structure ; and ( g ) at least one semiconductor device extending into said body from said second portion of said surface , said semiconductor device comprising : ( i ) a fourth frame-like structure including a layer of insulating material on said second portion of said surface and a layer of conductive material on said layer of insulating material , said fourth frame-like structure having a closed geometry separating an outer portion of said second portion of said surface from an inner portion of said second portion of said surface , ( ii ) a fifth region of opposite conductivity type to said body extending into said body from said inner portion of said second portion of said surface , said fifth region being surrounded by said third frame-like structure ; ( iii ) a sixth region of opposite conductivity type to said body extending into said body from said outer portion of said second portion of said surface , said fourth region surrounding said fourth frame-like structure . the integrated circuit device of claim 8 in which said third frame-like structure surrounds said second frame-like structure . an integrated circuit device comprising : ( a ) a body of semiconductor material predominantly of one conductivity type , said body having a surface ; ( b ) a first frame-like structure including a layer of insulating material on said surface and a layer of conductive material on said layer of insulating material , said first frame-like structure having a closed geometry which separates a first portion of said surface from a second portion of said surface ; ( c ) a well region having a conductivity type opposite that of said body , said well region extending into said body from said first portion of said surface ; ( d ) means for making ohmic contact to said well region , said means including a part of said first portion of said surface ; ( e ) at least one semiconductor device extending into said well region from said first portion of said surface , said semiconductor device comprising : ( i ) a second frame-like structure including a layer of insulating material on said first portion of said surface and a layer of conductive material on said layer of insulating material , said second frame-like structure having a closed geometry separating an outer portion of said first portion of said surface from an inner portion of said first portion of said surface ; ( ii ) a first region of the same conductivity type as said body extending into said well region from said inner portion of said first portion of said surface , said first region being surrounded by said second frame-like structure ; ( iii ) a second region of the same conductivity type as said body extending into said well region from said outer portion of said first portion of said surface , said second region surrounding said second frame-like structure ; ( f ) at least one semiconductor device extending into said body from said second portion of said surface , said semiconductor device comprising : ( i ) a third frame-like structure including a layer of insulating material on said second portion of said surface and a layer of conductive material on said layer of insulating material , said third frame-like structure having a closed geometry separating an outer portion of said second portion of said surface from an inner portion of said second portion of said surface , ( ii ) a third region of opposite conductivity type to said body extending into said body from said inner portion of said second portion of said surface , said third region being surrounded by said third frame-like structure ; ( iii ) a fourth region of opposite conductivity type to said body extending into said body from said outer portion of said second portion of said surface , said fourth region surrounding said third frame-like structure ; and ( g ) at least one additional semiconductor device extending into said body from said second portion of said surface comprising : ( i ) a fourth frame-like structure including a layer of insulating material on said outer portion of said second portion of said surface and a layer of conductive material on said layer of insulating material , said fourth frame-like structure having a closed geometry separating two portions of said outer portion of said second portion of said surface ; ( ii ) a fifth region of opposite conductivity type to said body extending into said body from one of said two portions of said outer portion , said fifth region being surrounded by said fourth frame-like structure ; ( iii ) a sixth region of opposite conductivity type to said body extending into said body from the other of said two portions of said outer portion , said sixth region surrounding said fourth frame-like structure . the integrated circuit device of claim 10 wherein said fourth frame-like structure surrounds said third frame-like structure .
1 . a computing system comprising : a processor ; and computer storage media having computer-executable instructions stored thereon which , when executed by the processor , implement a method of video editing to correct for camera movement during video recording , the method comprising : 2 . the computing system of claim 1 , wherein a bordered frame has an increased height and width that is larger than the original height and width . 3 . the computing system of claim 1 , wherein a bordered frame has a height and width that is equal to the original height and width . 4 . the computing system of claim 1 , wherein the border has a width that is greater than 5 % of the original height . 5 . the computing system of claim 1 , wherein the processor is a graphics processing unit . 6 . the computing system of claim 1 , wherein portions of an image from an earlier frame in the video are not added to subsequent frames . 7 . one or more computer storage media storing computer-executable instructions that , when executed by a computing device having a processor , cause the computing device to generate a stabilized video , the method comprising : receiving a video comprising a plurality of video frames ; generating a plurality of bordered frames by adding a border around a perimeter of individual video frames ; calculating a motion vector that expresses a movement of a video camera while filming the video ; and generating a stabilized video by recombining the plurality of bordered frames and correcting for the movement by adjusting a location of individual frames relative to other frames using the motion vector , wherein a width of the border is an average of the motion vector for each frame in the video plus a standard deviation of the average of the motion vector . 8 . the media of claim 7 , wherein adding the border comprises shrinking an image in a frame by a percentage and adding the border from a perimeter of a shrunken image to an original outside perimeter of the image . 9 . the media of claim 8 , wherein the percentage is between 10 % and 20 % . 10 . the media of claim 7 , wherein adding the border comprises adding the border that extends from a perimeter of original images in the individual video frames , the border having a width . 11 . the media of claim 10 , wherein the width is about 15 % of a width of the original images . 12 . the media of claim 7 , wherein the border is black . 13 . the media of claim 7 , wherein portions of an image from an earlier frame in the video are not added to subsequent frames . 14 . a video editing method comprising : receiving a video comprising a plurality of frames , each frame having an original height and width ; generating a plurality of bordered frames by adding a border around a perimeter of individual video frames from the plurality of frames , wherein individual bordered frames have an increased height and width that is larger than the original height and width ; calculating a motion vector that expresses a movement of a video camera while recording the video ; and generating a stabilized video by recombining the plurality of bordered frames and correcting for the movement by adjusting a location of individual frames relative to other frames using the motion vector , wherein a width of the border is an average of the motion vector for each frame in the video plus a standard deviation of the average of the motion vector . 15 . the method of claim 14 , wherein the increased height and width are more than 5 % larger than the original height and width . 16 . the method of claim 14 , wherein the increased height and width are more than 10 % larger than the original height and width . 17 . the method of claim 14 , wherein the increased height and width are more than 20 % larger than the original height and width . 18 . the method of claim 14 , wherein each frame in the plurality of frames includes an image having a height , width , and resolution that is not changed when the border is added to the frame . 19 . the method of claim 14 , wherein images from an earlier frame in the video are not added to subsequent frames . 20 . the method of claim 14 , wherein the border is black .
1 . a device comprising : a plurality of interfaces operable to receive streaming data from each of a plurality of image and non-image capture devices ; and timestamping logic implemented , at least in part , in hardware and coupled to the plurality of interfaces to generate and assign timestamp information to each set of data captured by individual capture devices of the plurality of image and non-image capture devices to indicate when the data was captured , wherein the timestamp information is synchronized to a single timestamp reference clock , wherein the timestamping logic is operable to assign timestamp information to data in each of a plurality of streaming video stream streams and to apply timestamp information to a plurality of samples captured by one or more non-image capture devices , and further wherein the processing logic is operable to identify frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets based on assigned timestamps ; and a processing logic coupled to the timestamping logic to group image data from image capture devices with data from non-image capture devices using the timestamp information . 2 . the device defined in claim 1 wherein the processing logic is operable to identify frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets by , at least in part , identifying frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams that have a timestamp that is within a threshold time value from a reference time stamp value of a frameset for inclusion in the frameset . 3 . the device defined in claim 1 wherein the processing logic is operable to identify frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets by , at least in part , discarding at least one frameset frame with the associated reference timestamp for a capture window if a newly arrived frame for the capture window is newer and has a timestamp larger than the frameset reference timestamp plus a threshold . 4 . the device defined in claim 3 wherein the processing logic is operable to discard the at least one frameset frame with the associated reference timestamp for the capture window by , at least in part , discarding all frameset frames and adding the newly arrived frame into the frameset . 5 . the device defined in claim 1 wherein the processing logic is operable to identify frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets by , at least in part , discarding a frameset frame of a stream source and having the associated timestamp for a capture window if a newly arrived frame for the capture window from the stream source is newer based on the associated timestamp . 6 . the device defined in claim 1 wherein the processing logic is operable to identify frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets by , at least in part , discarding a newly arrived frame for a capture window if a timestamp of the newly arrived frame is older than a reference timestamp for the capture window by an amount equal to a threshold . 7 . the device defined in claim 1 wherein the processing logic is operable to arrange pointers associated with framesets in a data structure , which is accessible to an application to process each of the framesets individually . 8 . the device defined in claim 1 frames in each frameset are link listed into a chain . 9 . a device comprising : a plurality of interfaces operable to receive streaming data from each of a plurality of image and non-image capture devices ; and timestamping logic implemented , at least in part , in hardware and coupled to the plurality of interfaces to generate and assign timestamp information to each set of data captured by individual capture devices of the plurality of image and non-image capture devices to indicate when the data was captured , wherein the timestamp information is synchronized to a single timestamp reference clock , wherein the timestamping logic is operable to apply timestamp information to a plurality of samples captured by one or more non-image sensors of the plurality of capture devices based on a time when a first of the plurality of samples is received by timestamping logic after a start of frame indicator has been received ; and a processing logic coupled to the timestamping logic to group image data from image capture devices with data from non-image capture devices using the timestamp information . 10 . the device defined in claim 9 wherein the timestamping logic is operable to apply timestamp information to the plurality of samples by aggregating samples captured during an image capture frame period into a single packet of non-image data and assigning one timestamp to each single packet of non-image data . 11 . a method comprising : assigning timestamp information to data in each of a plurality of streaming video stream streams , the timestamps generated in hardware and synchronized to a single reference timestamp clock ; applying timestamp information to a plurality of samples captured by one or more non-image sensors ; and identifying frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets based on assigned timestamps , wherein identifying frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets based on assigned timestamps comprises identifying frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams that have a timestamp that is within a threshold time value from a reference time stamp value of a frameset for inclusion in the frameset . 12 . the method defined in claim 11 wherein identifying frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets based on assigned timestamps comprises discarding at least one frameset frame with the associated reference timestamp for a capture window if a newly arrived frame for the capture window is newer and has a timestamp larger than the frameset reference timestamp plus a threshold . 13 . the method defined in claim 12 wherein discarding the at least one frameset frame with the associated reference timestamp for the capture window comprises discarding all frameset frames and adding the newly arrived frame into the frameset . 14 . the method defined in claim 11 wherein identifying frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets based on assigned timestamps comprises discarding a frameset frame of a stream source and having the associated timestamp for a capture window if a newly arrived frame for the capture window from the stream source is newer based on the associated timestamp . 15 . a method comprising : assigning timestamp information to data in each of a plurality of streaming video stream streams , the timestamps generated in hardware and synchronized to a single reference timestamp clock ; applying timestamp information to a plurality of samples captured by one or more non-image sensors ; and identifying frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets based on assigned timestamps , wherein identifying frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets based on assigned timestamps comprises discarding a newly arrived frame for a capture window if a timestamp of the newly arrived frame is older than a reference timestamp for the capture window by an amount equal to a threshold . 16 . the method defined in claim 11 further comprising : linked listing frames of each frameset ; and arranging pointers associated with the framesets in a data structure . 17 . the method defined in claim 16 further comprising accessing the data structure to enable an application to process each of the framesets individually . 18 . the method defined in claim 16 further comprising : popping a frameset fifo to obtain a pointer to an initial frame at a top of the chain of the frameset ; traversing through a linked list for frames in each frameset . 19 . an article of manufacture having one or more non-transitory computer readable media storing instructions which , when executed by a system , cause the system to perform a method comprising : assigning timestamp information to data in each of a plurality of streaming video stream streams , the timestamps generated in hardware and synchronized to a single reference timestamp clock ; applying timestamp information to a plurality of samples captured by one or more non-image sensors ; and identifying frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets based on assigned timestamps , wherein identifying frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets based on assigned timestamps comprises identifying frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams that have a timestamp that is within a threshold time value from a reference time stamp value of a frameset for inclusion in the frameset . 20 . the article of manufacture defined in claim 19 wherein the method further comprises : linked listing frames of each frameset ; arranging pointers associated with the framesets in a data structure ; and accessing the data structure to enable an application to process each of the framesets individually . 21 . a system comprising : a plurality of image and non-image capture devices ; a device comprising 22 . the system defined in claim 21 wherein the processing logic is operable to identify frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams for inclusion into framesets by , at least in part , identifying frames from each of the plurality of streaming video streams and data in one or more non-video streams that have a timestamp that is within a threshold time value from a reference time stamp value of a frameset for inclusion in the frameset . 23 . the system defined in claim 21 wherein the processing logic is operable to arrange pointers associated with framesets in a data structure , which is accessible to an application to process each of the framesets individually . 24 . the system defined in claim 21 the processing logic is operable to linked list frames in each frameset into a chain .
a battery safety unit adapted to enclose a wet cell battery , comprising : ( a ) a base , comprising : ( i ) a substantially flat rectangular bottom plate ; ( ii ) four upwardly directed , substantially flat rectangular walls integrally connected to said bottom plate at the edges thereof and integrally connected to each other at contacting corners to form a rectangular hollow space , said walls being configured at upper ends thereof to engage a cover , each of said walls terminating in a vertically extended lip contiguous with an outer surface of said wall , said front and side walls having front and side locking tabs positioned on said outer surfaces so as to interlock with a lock slot of a catch ; and ( iii ) a battery stabilizer adapted to securely anchor a battery in said safety unit and being positioned peripherally on the bottom plate and adjacent said walls in said hollow space ; wherein the walls of the battery safety unit above the battery stabilizer and the upper portion of the battery form an air space above the battery stabilizer between the walls of the safety unit and the battery so that acid spilled from the battery may be contained in said space ; and ( b ) a cover removably attachable to said base walls and having a front portion and a rear portion , said cover comprising : ( i ) a substantially flat rectangular top plate being divided between said front and rear portions by a hinge configured to enable said front portion of the top plate to be upwardly articulated along said hinge and removed from the base while the rear portion is attached to the base , wherein said front portion of said cover may be opened without opening said rear portion to enable connection of electrical cables to a battery placed in said battery safety unit , or both portions may be removed from said base to remove a battery from , or place a battery in said battery safety unit ; ( ii ) a pair of side walls integrally connected to said top plate and being divided between said front and rear portions along a line corresponding to the position of said hinge , each of said rear portions having one or more of said catches being affixed thereto and located to overlap said base lip and to engage a corresponding locking tab on the side wall with a lock slot formed into said catch , said side walls configured to engage said base lip ; ( iii ) a rear wall connected to the rear of said top plate ; and ( iv ) a front wall connected to the front edge of said top plate and having a catch located to overlap said base lip and engage said front locking tab with a lock slot formed into said catch ; said front wall being formed with apertures to enable the passing of electrical cables from the terminal posts of said battery to components outside of said battery safety unit and said front wall and said rear wall being integrally connected to said side walls . a battery safety unit as claimed in claim 1 in which said hinge is integrally molded with said cover . a battery safety unit as claimed in claim 1 in which said battery stabilizer is formed as a rectangular peripheral block having an interior rectangular hollow space and is positioned on said base plate and adjacent said sides . a battery safety unit as claimed in claim 1 in which said battery stabilizer is formed as a part of said bottom plate to tightly surround the bottom of the battery . a battery safety unit as claimed in claim 1 in which said catches are integrally molded with said top walls and able to flex outwardly to engage and disengage said locking tabs . a battery safety unit as claimed in claim 1 wherein said unit is made of thermally insulated material .
1 . a transmitter comprising : a first cell switch module placeable in either an active state or a standby state , and including a plurality of first input ports for inputting cells thereto respectively , and a plurality of first output ports for outputting cells therefrom respectively ; a second cell switch module placeable in either a standby state or an active state inversely to said first switch module , and including a plurality of second input ports for inputting cells thereto respectively , and a plurality of second output ports for outputting cells therefrom respectively ; a plurality of first physical lines connected respectively to the corresponding first input ports and second input ports ; a plurality of second and third physical lines connected respectively to the corresponding first output ports and second output ports ; a plurality of selectors for selecting , in response to a select signal , either one signal out of the signals inputted from the two second and third physical lines corresponding to each other ; and switching control means for generating said select signal to instruct said selector to execute active/standby switching : wherein each of said first and second cell switch modules comprises a buffer memory for storing the switched cells therein ; cell cross-connect means for routing the cells obtained from the input ports , then writing the cells successively in the relevant buffer memory ; cell switching control means for controlling the switching in such a manner that , in response to an active/standby switching instruction , a decision is made as to whether each cell obtained from the input port is a specific first cell or not , and if the result of such decision signifies that the cell is said specific first cell in the active state , any subsequent cell obtained thereafter from the input port is not switched by said cell cross-connect means , but if the cell is said specific first cell in the standby state , any subsequent cell obtained thereafter from the input port is switched by said cell cross-connect means ; cell reading control means for successively readings in the active state , the cells written in said buffer memory ; and queue empty detection means for detecting , in the active state , if the all cells written in said buffer memory have been completely read out therefrom : wherein said switching control means generates the select signal in accordance vith the detection result obtained from said queue empty detection means . 2 . a transmitter comprising : a first switch module for switching unit data signals different from cells ; a second switch module for switching unit data signals different from cells ; a first cell switch module placeable in either a first active state or a first standby state , and including a plurality of first input ports for inputting cells thereto respectively , and a plurality of first output ports for outputting cells therefrom respectively ; a second cell switch module placeable in either a first standby state or a second active state inversely to said first cell switch module , and including a plurality of second input ports for inputting cells thereto respectively , and a plurality of second output ports for outputting cells therefrom respectively ; a plurality of interface cards for converting input signals into a common frame signal , and further converting the common frame signal into formats conforming with external interfaces ; a third switch module for converting , in response to first routing information , the common frame signal outputted from each of said interface cards , and outputting the common frame signal to said first and second switch modules and also to said first and second cell switch modules ; a fourth switch module including a plurality of first selectors for selecting , in response to a first select signal , either one signal out of the signals inputted from the first and second switch modules , a plurality of second selectors for selecting , in response to a second select signal , either one signal out of the signals inputted from the first and second cell switch modules , and cross-connect means for cross-connecting the signals inputted from said first and second selectors and then outputting the signals to a desired interface card ; a first processor placeable in either the first active state or the first standby state , and controlling said first cell switch module ; a second processor placeable in either the first active state or the first standby state , and controlling said second cell switch module ; a first cross-connect database for storing second routing information used by said first cell switch module for switching the cells ; a second cross-connect database for storing third routing information used by said second cell switch module for switching the cells ; and a third processor for generating said second select signal to instruct execution of active/standby switching ; wherein each of said first and second cell switch modules comprises a buffer memory for storing the switched cells therein ; cell cross-connect means for routing the cells obtained from the input ports in accordance with the cross-connect database which corresponds to either one of said first and second cross-connect databases , then writing the cells successively in the relevant buffer memory ; cell switching control means for controlling the switching in such a manner that , in response to an active/standby switching instruction , a decision is made as to whether each cell obtained from the input port is a specific first cell or not , and if the result of such decision signifies that the cell is said specific first cell in the first active state , any subsequent cell obtained thereafter from the input port is not switched by said cell cross-connect means , but if the cell is said specific first cell in the first standby state , any subsequent cell obtained thereafter from the input port is switched by said cell cross-connect means ; cell reading control means for successively reading , in the first active state , the cells written in said buffer memory ; and queue empty detection means for detecting , in the first active state , whether the all cells written in said buffer memory have been completely read out therefrom : wherein said third processor generates the second select signal in accordance with the detection result obtained from said queue empty detection means . 3 . the transmitter according to claim 2 , further comprising : a first database placeable in either a second active state or a second standby state , and storing fourth routing information ; a second database placeable in either the second active state or the second standby state , and storing fifth routing information ; and a fourth processor for copying , in response to a switching instruction , the fifth routing information into the cross-connect database of either one of said first and second cell switch modules in the first standby state , or copying the fifth routing information into the cross-connect database of either one of said first and second cell switch modules switched from the first active state to the first standby state , and upon completion of active/standby switching of the cell switch modules , placing said first database in the second standby state while placing said second database in the second active state . 4 . an active/standby switching method in a transmitter including an active first cell switch module and a standby second cell switch module which are capable of switching unit cells and outputting the same , said method comprising the steps of : sending a switching instruction to said first and second cell switch modules to execute switching ; upon input of a specific cell , controlling said first cell switch module , in response to the switching instruction , to stop switching any subsequent cell inputted after the specific cell , and enabling said second cell switch module to switch any subsequent cell inputted after the specific cell ; and executing active/standby switching in such a manner that , upon completion of output of the cell from said first cell switch module , the cell switched in said second cell switch module is outputted therefrom . 5 . an active/standby switching method in a network having a file server and a plurality of transmitters each including an active first cross-connect database , a standby second cross-connect database , and active and standby first and second cell switch modules for switching and outputting unit cells in accordance with the first and second cross-connect databases , said method comprising the steps of : transferring routing information from said server to said transmitters ; transferring start time information inclusive of a switching start time from said file server to each of said transmitters ; copying the routing information into the second cross-connect database in accordance with the start time information ; upon detection of a specific cell , controlling said first cell switch module to stop switching the cell in accordance with the start time information , and enabling said second cell switch module to execute switching the cell ; executing active/standby switching in such a manner that the cell switched in said second cell switch module is outputted therefrom after none of the cells is left in said first cell switch module ; and notifying said file server on the switching result from each of said transmitters .
1 . an xor logic circuit , comprising : a first transfer unit configured to transfer a logic high level data to an output terminal in response to data applied to first and second input terminals ; a multiplexing unit configured to output a power voltage or a ground voltage in response to the data applied to the second input terminal ; and a second transfer unit configured to transfer a logic low level data to the output terminal in response to an output signal of the multiplexing unit and the data applied to the first input terminal . 2 . the xor logic circuit of claim 1 , wherein the first transfer unit includes a plurality of mos transistors that are cross-coupled . 3 . the xor logic circuit of claim 1 , wherein the first transfer unit includes : a first pmos transistor configured to have a source-drain path formed between the first input terminal and the output terminal and a gate coupled to the second input terminal ; and a second pmos transistor configured to have a source-drain path formed between the second input terminal and the output terminal and a gate coupled to the first input terminal . 4 . the xor logic circuit of claim 1 , wherein the multiplexing unit includes : a first output unit configured to output the power voltage in response to the data applied to the second input terminal ; and a second output unit configured to output the ground voltage in response to the data applied to the second input terminal , wherein the first and second output units output the power voltage and the ground voltage through a common node , respectively . 5 . the xor logic circuit of claim 4 , wherein the first output unit includes : a pmos transistor configured to have a source-drain path coupled between the power voltage terminal and the common node , and a gate coupled to the second input terminal ; and an nmos transistor configured to have a source-drain path coupled between the ground voltage terminal and the common node , and a gate coupled to the second input terminal . 6 . the xor logic circuit of claim 1 , wherein the second transfer unit includes : a first nmos transistor configured to have a source-drain formed between the output terminal and the first input terminal , and a gate coupled to the output terminal of the multiplexing unit ; and a second nmos transistor configured to have a source-drain formed between the output terminal and an output terminal of the multiplexing unit and a gate coupled to the first input terminal . 7 . the xor logic circuit of claim 1 , wherein a sub path for performing a sub differential operation for the output terminal is formed on the second transfer unit in response to a main path being formed on the first transfer unit to transfer the logic high level data to the output terminal . 8 . the xor logic circuit of claim 1 , wherein a sub path for performing a sub discharging operation for the output terminal is formed on the first transfer unit in response to a main path being formed on the second transfer unit to transfer the logic low level data to the output terminal . 9 . the xor logic circuit of claim 1 , wherein the multiplexing unit one of controls the second transfer unit based on the data and applies the logic low level data to the second transfer unit . 10 . the xor logic circuit of claim 1 , wherein the first transfer unit is configured to receive the data having a different polarity applied to the first and second input terminals , and the second transfer unit is configured to receive the data having the same polarity applied to the first and second input terminals . 11 . an xor logic circuit , comprising : a first pmos transistor configured to have a source-drain path formed between a first input terminal and an output terminal and a gate coupled to a second input terminal ; a second pmos transistor configured to have a source-drain path formed between the second input terminal and the output terminal and a gate coupled to the first input terminal ; a first nmos transistor configured to have a source-drain path formed between the output terminal and the first input terminal and a gate coupled to a common node ; a second nmos transistor configured to have a source-drain path formed between the output terminal and the common node and a gate coupled to the first input terminal ; a third pmos transistor configured to have a source-drain path formed between a power voltage terminal and the common node and a gate coupled to the second input terminal ; and a third nmos transistor configured to have a source-drain path formed between a ground voltage terminal and the common node and a gate coupled to the second input terminal . 12 . the xor logic circuit of claim 11 , wherein the first pmos transistor has a main path for transferring the logic high level data to the output terminal in response to a logic high level data being applied to the first input terminal and a logic low level data being applied to the second input terminal . 13 . the xor logic circuit of claim 11 , wherein the second nmos transistor and the third pmos transistor have a sub path for performing a sub charging operation at the output terminal in response to a logic high level data being applied to the first input terminal and a logic low level data being applied to the second input terminal . 14 . the xor logic circuit of claim 11 , wherein the second pmos transistor has a main path for transferring the logic high level data to the output terminal in response to a logic low level data being applied to the first input terminal and a logic high level data being applied to the second input terminal . 15 . the xor logic circuit of claim 11 , wherein the first nmos transistor has a main path for transferring the logic low level data to the output terminal in response to a logic low level data being applied to the first input terminal and a logic low level data being applied to the second input terminal . 16 . the xor logic circuit of claim 11 , wherein the first pmos transistor and the second pmos transistor have a sub path for performing a sub discharging operation at the output terminal in response to a logic low level data being applied to the first input terminal and a logic low level data being applied to the second input terminal . 17 . the xor logic circuit of claim 11 , wherein the second nmos transistor and the third nmos transistor have a main path for transferring the logic low level data to the output terminal in response to a logic high level data being applied to the first input terminal and a logic high level data being applied to the second input terminal . 18 . the xor logic circuit of claim 11 , wherein the first nmos transistor is controlled by the data applied to the second input terminal .
an electrical heating tape , comprising : ( a ) a longitudinally extending , flexible tape having a continuous electrical heating element incorporated therein , said heating element extending from one end of said flexible tape to the other and over substantially the full width of said flexible tape , ( b ) two spaced apart , longitudinally extending , flexible , electrically conductive foils mounted on one face of said flexible tape overlying said heating element , ( c ) electrically non-conductive means insulating said foils from said heating element , ( d ) a plurality of electrically conductive means each penetrating said non-conductive means to individually electrically connect said heating element to said foils at spaced locations along the length of said foils , said electrically conductive connecting means being individually positioned to effect the connection of said heating element in a plurality of longitudinally extending heating circuits each connected in parallel between said foils , and ( e ) an electrically insulating sheath encasing the assembly of said flexible tape and said foils . a heating tape as claimed in claim 1 , wherein said flexible tape is woven and comprises electrically insulating warp threads and said heating element as a continuous weft thread . a heating tape according to claim 2 , wherein said foils are retained in position relative to said woven flexible tape by electrically insulating loops woven therearound . a heating tape according to claim 1 , wherein said electrically non-conductive means comprises an electrically insulating tape interposed between said flexible tape and said foils , electrical connections being made between said foils and said heating element through said electrically insulating tape .
1 . a method comprising : sending a first multicast group join request from a first port of a set of teamed communication ports of a computer system , the first port coupled to a first switch device , the set of teamed communication ports appearing as a single communication port to a program on the computer system , and the first multicast group join request requests joining a first multicast group ; sending a second multicast group join request from a second port of the set of teamed communication ports , the second port coupled to a second switch device different than the first switch device , the second multicast group join request requests joining a second multicast group ; and sending a third multicast group join request from one of the first or second ports selected to distribute multicast group join requests across the teamed communication ports proportional to the path cost information of each port , and wherein the third multicast group join request requests joining a third multicast group . 2 . the method as defined in claim 1 wherein sending the first multicast group join request further comprises sending an internet group management protocol ( igmp ) join request for the first multicast group . 3 . the method as defined in claim 1 further comprising : wherein sending the first multicast group join request further comprises sending the first multicast group join request from the first port being a port of a first network interface device ; and wherein sending the second multicast group join request further comprises sending the first multicast group join request from the second port being a port of a second network interface device different than the first network interface device . 4 . a method comprising : sending a first multicast group join request from a first port of a set of teamed communication ports of a computer system , the first port coupled to a first switch device , the set of teamed communication ports appearing as a single communication port to a program on the computer system , and the first multicast group join request requests joining a first multicast group ; sending a second multicast group join request from a second port of the set of teamed communication ports , the second port coupled to a second switch device different than the first switch device , the second multicast group join request requests joining a second multicast group ; and sending a third multicast group join request from one of the first or second ports selected such that the multicast join requests are distributed inversely proportional to each communication port 's bridge protocol data unit ( bpdu ) data , and wherein the third multicast group join request requests joining a third multicast group . 5 . the method as defined in claim 4 wherein sending the first multicast group join request further comprises sending an internet group management protocol ( igmp ) join request for the first multicast group . 6 . the method as defined in claim 4 further comprising : wherein sending the first multicast group join request further comprises sending the first multicast group join request from the first port being a port of a first network interface device ; and wherein sending the second multicast group join request further comprises sending the first multicast group join request from the second port being a port of a second network interface device different than the first network interface device . 7 . a system comprising : a computer system comprising : a communication system comprising : wherein , for a plurality of multicast groups to be joined by the computer system , the processor is configured to send a first multicast join request to the first switch device , and to send a second multicast join request to the second switch device , and wherein the processor distributes the multicast join requests inversely proportional to each communication port 's bridge protocol data unit ( bpdu ) data . 8 . the system as defined in claim 7 wherein the plurality of communication ports comprises : a communication port of a first network interface card ( nic ) , the first nic coupled to the processor ; and a communication port of a second nic , different than the first nic , the second nic coupled to the processor . 9 . a system comprising : a computer system comprising : a communication system comprising : wherein the communicative arrangement of the computer system to the switch devices is such that , when multicast packets are forwarded from the switch devices to the computer system , the computer system is the ultimate destination of the multicast packets forwarded ; and wherein the computer system controls the communication ports across which the multicast packets are sent from the switch devices to the computer system , and wherein the computer system distributes the multicast packets across the communication ports inversely proportional to each communication port 's bridge protocol data unit ( bpdu ) data . 10 . the system as defined in claim 9 wherein when the computer system controls the communication ports across which the multicast packets flow , the computer system distributes the multicast packets across the communication ports based on the path cost information of each of the communication ports .
1 . a method of configuring a plurality of scheduling request triggers for a user equipment in a base station of a communication system , the method comprising : determining a plurality of scheduling request triggers and a transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers for the user equipment , based on the service characteristics of services of the user equipment ; transmitting configuration information of the plurality of scheduling request triggers to the user equipment , the configuration information of the plurality of scheduling request triggers including the allocation way of the plurality of scheduling request triggers with respect to the services of the user equipment and the transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers ; wherein the transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers is determined based on the priority of the service corresponding to the scheduling request trigger ; wherein the transmission type is any one of : wherein when the transmission type is the transmission on rach , the transmission type includes rach configuration and the rach configuration includes physical resources of prach . 2 . the method of claim 1 , wherein the service characteristics of the services of the user equipment is characterized by any one of : qos of bearers of the user equipment ; groups of logical channels ; different types of buffer status reports ; characteristic of the application running . 3 . the method of claim 1 , wherein the physical resources allocated to prach comprises any one of : the time resource and the periodicity of rach ; the group of preambles of rach . 4 . the method of claim 1 , wherein the configuration information is transmitted via a dedicated rrc signaling or a broadcast signaling . 5 . the method of claim 1 , wherein the user equipment is a rrc-connected user equipment . 6 . the method of claim 1 , wherein the communication system is a lte communication system . 7 . a method of configuring a plurality of scheduling request triggers for a user equipment in a base station of a communication system , the method comprising : determining a plurality of scheduling request triggers and a transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers for the user equipment , based on the service characteristics of services of the user equipment ; transmitting configuration information of the plurality of scheduling request triggers to the user equipment , the configuration information of the plurality of scheduling request triggers including the allocation way of the plurality of scheduling request triggers with respect to the services of the user equipment and the transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers ; wherein the transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers is determined based on the priority of the service corresponding to the scheduling request trigger ; wherein the transmission type is any one of : wherein when one service of the user equipment is the service generated by background application , the scheduling request trigger corresponding to the service generated by background application is configured to be transmitted on the dedicated scheduling request resources with large periodicity while the other scheduling request triggers among the plurality of scheduling request triggers are configured to be transmitted on rach with different rach configurations . 8 . a method of configuring a plurality of scheduling request triggers for a user equipment in a base station of a communication system , the method comprising : determining a plurality of scheduling request triggers and a transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers for the user equipment , based on the service characteristics of services of the user equipment ; transmitting configuration information of the plurality of scheduling request triggers to the user equipment , the configuration information of the plurality of scheduling request triggers including the allocation way of the plurality of scheduling request triggers with respect to the services of the user equipment and the transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers ; wherein the transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers is determined based on the priority of the service corresponding to the scheduling request trigger ; wherein the transmission type is any one of : wherein when one service of the user equipment is the service generated by background application , all the plurality of scheduling request triggers are configured to be transmitted on rach with different rach configurations . 9 . an apparatus for configuring a plurality of scheduling request triggers for a user equipment in a base station of a communication system , the apparatus comprises : a first unit for determining a plurality of scheduling request triggers and a transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers for the user equipment , based on the service characteristics of services of the user equipment ; a second unit for transmitting configuration information of the plurality of scheduling request triggers to the user equipment , the configuration information of the plurality of scheduling request triggers including the allocation way of the plurality of scheduling request triggers with respect to the services of the user equipment and the transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers ; wherein the transmission type of each of the plurality of scheduling request triggers is determined based on the priority of the service corresponding to the scheduling request trigger ; wherein the transmission type is any one of : wherein when the transmission type is the transmission on rach , the transmission type includes rach configuration and the rach configuration includes physical resources of prach .
1 . a method comprising : displaying electronic content ; displaying a cursor to select a portion of the electronic content , the cursor being located in a first position ; receiving an instruction to move the cursor to a second position ; and altering a shape of the cursor to indicate the second position in response to the receiving of the instruction ; 2 . a method as recited in claim 1 , wherein a user of a device that displays the electronic content triggers the instruction to move the cursor . 3 . a method as recited in claim 1 , wherein a device that displays the electronic content triggers the instruction to move the cursor . 4 . a method as recited in claim 1 , wherein selecting a portion of the electronic content with the cursor triggers the instruction to move the cursor . 5 . a method as recited in claim 1 , wherein displaying a pop-up box triggers the instruction to move the cursor . 6 . an apparatus comprising : a display to present electronic content , the display comprising : 7 . an apparatus as recited in claim 6 , wherein the second screen area includes a cursor to select the one or more portions of the presented electronic content , and wherein the animation comprises growth of the cursor . 8 . an apparatus as recited in claim 6 , wherein the second screen area includes a cursor to select the one or more portions of the presented electronic content , and wherein the animation comprises reduction of the cursor . 9 . an apparatus as recited in claim 6 , wherein the second screen area includes a selectable marker to enable selection of the one or more portions of the presented electronic content , and wherein the animation comprises movement of the selectable marker . 10 . an apparatus as recited in claim 6 , wherein the second screen area includes a selectable marker to enable selection of the one or more portions of the presented electronic content , and wherein the animation comprises moving the selectable marker off of the second screen area . 11 . an apparatus as recited in claim 6 , wherein the second screen area is configured to include a selectable marker to enable selection of the one or more portions of the presented electronic content , and wherein the animation comprises presenting a selectable marker on the second screen area . 12 . an apparatus as recited in claim 6 , wherein the second screen area includes a selectable marker to enable selection of the one or more portions of the presented electronic content , and wherein the animation comprises shrinking of the selectable marker . 13 . an apparatus as recited in claim 6 , wherein the second screen area is configured to include a selectable marker to enable selection of the one or more portions of the presented electronic content , and wherein the animation comprises growing a selectable marker on the second screen area . 14 . an apparatus as recited in claim 6 , wherein the second screen area includes one or more selectable markers to enable selection of corresponding one or more portions of the presented electronic content , and a cursor to select the one or more selectable markers , and wherein the animation comprises growth of a selected selectable marker . 15 . an apparatus as recited in claim 6 , wherein the second screen area includes one or more selectable markers to enable selection of corresponding one or more portions of the presented electronic content , and a cursor to select the one or more selectable markers , and wherein the animation comprises reduction of a non-selected selectable marker . 16 . an apparatus as recited in claim 6 , wherein the animation comprises an animated wait symbol . 17 . an apparatus as recited in claim 6 , wherein the second refresh rate is faster than the first refresh rate . 18 . an apparatus comprising : a display comprising : a first screen area to display electronic content ; and a second screen area to display a cursor to select a portion of the electronic content , wherein a shape of the cursor changes responsive to receiving an instruction to alter a position of the cursor , wherein the change in the shape of the cursor indicates the altered position of the cursor , and wherein the change in the shape of the cursor comprises the cursor extending towards the altered position ; and an animations module to change the shape of the cursor responsive to receiving the instruction . 19 . an apparatus as recited in claim 18 , wherein the electronic content comprises a digital item . 20 . an apparatus as recited in claim 18 , wherein the electronic content comprises an electronic book . 21 . an apparatus as recited in claim 18 , wherein the change in the shape of the cursor comprises a growth of the cursor . 22 . an apparatus as recited in claim 18 , wherein the change in the shape of the cursor comprises expansion and contraction of the cursor . 23 . an apparatus as recited in claim 18 , wherein the change in the shape of the cursor further comprises the cursor contracting towards the altered position of the cursor . 24 . a computer program product , comprising : a computer usable medium having computer readable program code embodied in the medium for : displaying electronic content ; displaying a cursor to select a portion of the electronic content , the cursor being located in a first position ; receiving an instruction to move the cursor to a second position ; and altering a shape of the cursor to indicate the second position in response to the receiving of the instruction , wherein the altering of the shape of the cursor comprises extending the cursor from the first position to the second position . 25 . a computer program product as recited in claim 24 , wherein the altering of the shape of the cursor further comprises contracting the cursor from the first position to the second position after the extending of the cursor . 26 . an apparatus comprising : a display to present electronic content , the display comprising :
